[ Reagan ]
Air and naval forces
of the United States...
launched a series of strikes
against terrorist facilities–
[ Reporter ]
Pan Am Flight 103 crashed
into the town of Lockerbie.
[ Reagan ] He has sanctioned
acts of terror in Africa,
Europe and the Middle East.
This will not stand,
this aggression against Kuwait.
[ Reagan ]
...his relentless pursuit
of terror.
[ Bush ]
We will make no distinction–
[ Reporter ] The U.S.S.  Cole
was attacked while refueling
in the port of Aden.
This was an act of terrorism.
It was a despicable
and cowardly act.
The next number we’re gonna
swing for you is one
of the good ol’ favorites.
- [ Speaking Arabic ]
- ...until something stops him.
[ Carrie ]
It was right in front of my
eyes, and I never saw it coming.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
[ Man ]
We got a plane crashed
into the World Trade Center.
[ Man #2 ]
...thousands of people running–
We must, and we will, remain
vigilant at home and abroad.
[ Speaking Arabic ]
[ Saul Whispering ] You’re
the smartest and the dumbest
fucking person I’ve ever known.
[ Arabic Continues ]
[ Carrie ] I’m not the one
who got it wrong. I’m the only
one who got it right.
[ Saul ]
Take ’em.
Take ’em all.
[ Man ]
Roll every available ambulance
you’ve got to this position.
[ Police Sirens Wailing ]
[ Saul ]
Previously on  Homeland.
[ Lockhart ]
It’s been 58 days
since the attack on Langley...
in which 219 Americans
lost their lives.
How can the C.I.A. be expected
to protect this country...
if it can’t even protect itself?
Her history of insubordination
and mental illness...
might be more useful to us
than a good performance in front
of the select committee.
I won’t do that.
I won’t throw Carrie
under the bus.
[ Doctor ]
Dana has made great progress
over the last month.
She’s doing well.
You mean for someone
who got in the bathtub
and tried to slit her wrists?
When can I see you again?
[ Scott ]
His name is Majid Javadi.
The other six make up
the network he put together...
to plan and carry out
the attacks on Langley.
Take ’em.
[ Frank On Phone ]
Have you seen the paper yet?
The headline is:
"C.I.A. Officer Linked
to Langley Bomber."
I assume you’ve seen this.
We all know how we hate things
getting into the press,
unless, of course, we put
them out there ourselves.
Carrie, you’re making
a bad mistake.
Fuck you!
Fuck all of you!
Perhaps you’d care
to comment on the article
in yesterday’s paper.
The case officer in question–
She’s been diagnosed
as bipolar,
a condition she concealed
from her superiors
for more than 10 years.
[ Lockhart ] Did she conceal
from you the fact that she was
sleeping with Congressman Brody?
I’m afraid she did, yes.
God– God.
Carrie!
I need to talk to Saul.
Saul?
He’s not here, Carrie.
He’s not here.
He left already.
He had some
early morning meeting.
With whom?
I don’t know.
We could call him.
If I could call him,
why would I come here?
Are you okay?
Tell Saul I came by.
I’m sure he knows.
What is going on
with you two? Hey.
Saul told me
about the incident.
What incident?
At the restaurant.
Oh. That.
He said you were very upset.
Well, yeah.
I guess I was.
[ Gasping ]
But, you know,
if I think about an incident
that’s upsetting to me,
I think it would have to be when
he sold me down the river...
in front of the fucking
Senate select committee.
Now, that–
that was upsetting.
Be sure to tell him
I came by.
- Carrie–
- He had his chance.
[ Chattering ]
[ Scanner Beeps ]
So they found nothing?
So far.
Out of all this,
including a damn laptop.
We’re bringing in
a specialist.
She’ll find something.
There’s a nine-year-old
dead. She better.
[ Door Opens ]
Hello?
Is this Conference B?
Yeah. You’re Fara?
Yes.
I’m Saul Berenson.
This is Peter Quinn.
Is something wrong?
No.
[ Cell Phone Buzzing ]
I gotta take care of this.
Peter, you’ll get her
up to speed?
Sure.
So how long
have you worked here?
Since the first.
- Of the year?
- Of the month.
Eight days.
Our transactions expert
arrived.
How is she?
A kid in a head scarf.
Most of the banking division
vanished in the explosion.
You ask for a specialist
with language skills,
that’s what you get.
So, what do you got?
Carrie.
She called a reporter.
Apparently she thinks
it’s important...
they, quote,
"hear her side
of the story."
She give any indication
what that is?
Not yet. But you know
what she’s gonna say.
We knew Brody was
a terrorist all along.
He wore a suicide vest
into a bunker
with the vice president.
She tried to warn us.
Nobody would listen.
So call the editor.
Get him to shut it down.
She’s out for blood, Saul.
We keep her away
from these guys,
she’d just go
somewhere else.
Look, we knew
this might happen.
We planned for it.
I just wanted you to know
I’m gonna stop her.
Okay, I’d like you
to acknowledge that
I am recording this...
and that
everything you say
is on the record.
Yeah, I’m being recorded.
I see the red light, and I want
everything on the record.
I’m Nicole Hung
here with–
Carrie Mathison.
You’ve been with
the C.I.A. 14 years.
Yes.
You told me you had
a falling out recently.
No, what I said was,
I’m under attack.
A week ago, you
published a story that
an unnamed C.I.A. officer...
was in a romantic relationship
with the Langley bomber.
And is that officer you?
You’re missing the point.
No one at the C.I.A.
was in a relationship
with the Langley bomber.
- Okay, wait.
According to my source–
- The C.I.A.
I can’t confirm that.
Well, I don’t know
what kind of conversation
you expect to have here...
if you won’t acknowledge
the fucking obvious.
The C.I.A. gave you
that story to set me up.
For what?
The big lie.
Now, despite what they said,
Nicholas Brody
is not responsible
for the explosion at Langley.
And you can prove this?
Yeah.
That’s why I’m here.
Did Saul Berenson know
when he testified
before the Senate subcommittee–
Of course he did.
Everything he said was bullshit.
I’m not the one who
got it wrong. I’m the only
one who got it right.
And then, for the longest time,
I couldn’t get anyone at
the C.I.A. to believe me.
Did you tell anyone
that I was coming here?
Just my editor.
Just your editor?
Fucking Saul!
Carrie Mathison?
D.C. Metro.
You need to come with us.
Three of you?
You think that’s enough?
Standard procedure, ma’am.
For what? What sort
of bullshit charges
did they make up?
There’s no charges, ma’am.
We’ve got a psychiatric
detention order.
Do you understand
what that is?
Yeah. I understand.
Uh, that’s not necessary,
is it?
Now, you’re entitled
to a full commitment hearing–
This is complete bullshit!
You know that, right?
Ma’am, please.
So, you’ve been back home
now, what, almost a week?
How’s that going?
Is it a challenge?
Why would it be
a challenge?
I don’t know.
Reentry, being
back out in the world.
I’m not back out
in the world though.
I’m stuck at home.
And why is that?
Dana thinks that she’s
famous in a bad way.
The word is "infamous."
Is that what you think–
that you’re infamous?
Okay, no, I’m not.
Well, which is it?
Well, let’s see.
My dad blew up the C.I.A.
He killed 300 people.
They call it the second 9/11,
and it was all anybody talked
about for a month and a half.
What your dad did.
Right.
What about what you did?
What I did? This?
By comparison,
it’s like nothing.
I know what
you mean by that,
but it’s not nothing.
That’s why we’re here,
the three of us.
- So what about you?
- Me?
Same question.
How are you doing?
I’m fine.
Okay.
Really. I’m just glad
that she’s home.
Good.
[ Sighs ]
There’ve been some adjustments,
but we knew there would be.
What kind of adjustments?
She remodeled the bathroom...
where I did it.
I didn’t.
Yeah, you did.
You remodeled the whole thing.
- I didn’t.
- [ Scoffs ]
I didn’t remodel it.
The blood wouldn’t
come out of the grout, so
I had to replace everything,
which I did myself
with a book.
We don’t have to
talk about that.
With you there.
Hi. I need to make
an appointment for, um,
Thursday for Dr. Richardson.
[ Chattering ]
[ Whispers ]
I miss you.
I miss you too.
Dana, come on.
[ Footsteps Approaching ]
Carrie Mathison,
I’m Dr. Harlan.
Harlan. I can read.
I’ll be with you tomorrow
at your commitment hearing. I’d
like to explain what that is.
I know what
a commitment hearing is.
I just can’t believe
they’re going through with it.
I’m not sure what you mean.
I mean, someone tries to tell
the truth, you counter
by calling them crazy.
I admire the move.
It’s elegant, but it’s–
it’s unnecessary.
Tell them that.
I’m standing down.
You’re standing down?
I’ve learned my lesson.
So can I get out of here,
please?
It says here you stopped
taking your meds.
It says where?
What? What is that?
It’s your medical history.
According to whom?
Your doctors.
Really? ’Cause no doctor
of mine, one that I am actually
seeing, would write that.
Did you stop
taking your meds?
[ Sighs ]
I didn’t– I didn’t
just stop taking my meds.
I have a routine to compensate,
a routine that I have worked out
with my actual doctor,
not some C.I.A. shill
who’s trying to shut me up.
I, um– I run every day,
six miles, sometimes more.
Singing helps.
Go figure.
And, um– And I meditate–
[ Exhales ]
to stay calm.
Are you? Calm?
Considering I’m chained
to a gurney in a hospital gown,
I’d say I’m beyond calm.
I’m fucking Zen!
I just– I ca–
I can’t do the meds anymore.
Why not?
Because
they dull my head.
I miss things
when I’m on them.
Miss not as in "yearn for,"
but miss as in "fail to see."
Fail to see what,
for example?
For example,
the explosion at Langley
that killed 219 people.
And I see it already–
doubt on your face.
But I– I am C.I.A.
You can verify it.
Unless, of course, they
expunged my records, which–
[ Exhales ]
[ Sighs ]
come to think of it,
is a real possibility.
Look, my sister is a doctor.
You can call her.
She’ll tell you everything
I’ve said is true.
Said you were looking for me.
I didn’t want
to bother you.
- No bother. What do you got?
- I managed to source all
the accounts on the laptop.
There weren’t that many.
And the documents
in the briefcase too.
And?
Nothing originates
in Iran.
Let me know when you find
something that does.
Sir?
I’m not sure what
you expect me to do.
I’ve looked at all
the accounts like you asked.
There’s nothing there.
Do you know
what you’re here for?
To examine
the bank records.
You’re following the money.
From Hong Kong London Bank
to this guy.
Here. Majid Javadi.
The Iranian who funded
the attack on this agency
that occurred on 12/12.
I know.
Good. So do that.
And you know what else?
While we’re talking about
an event that left 200 Americans
dead on the ground...
and what you’re doing about it,
which is apparently nothing–
Forgive me.
You wearing that thing
on your head...
is one big "fuck you"
to the people who would’ve
been your coworkers,
except they perished
in a blast right out there.
So if you need to wear it,
if you really need to,
which is your right,
you better be the best
analyst we’ve ever seen,
and that means
don’t tell me there’s nothing.
Give me a plan.
Give me a goddamn plan
or don’t say anything.
Is that clear?
You understand the mission,
what we’re trying to do here?
- Yes.
- Good.
- I–
- [ Sighs ]
What?
- I have a plan.
- Well, tell it to me.
We bring in people
from this bank,
ask them about wire transfers
from these three branches...
in the Middle East.
The bankers
we want to talk to,
they’re in New York.
Okay. I’ll get them down here.
We’ll talk to them tomorrow.
The two of us.
[ Sighs ]
Dana?
What?
It’s getting cold out.
Do you want a sweater?
I’m fine.
- Mom.
- Something to eat?
I said–
Mom, just leave her alone.
I just asked
if she wanted some food.
Well, don’t.
You’re driving her crazy.
When someone doesn’t eat
all day, it means something.
Maybe she’s not hungry.
Sweetie–
Mom, really, don’t.
[ TV, Indistinct ]
Shit, Carrie.
Have a seat.
I didn’t know about this.
I came as soon as I heard.
Did you come
to get me out?
I can’t.
Just– Just leave.
You can’t go around
spilling Agency secrets.
You know that.
Saul’s panicked.
About me.
About the C.I.A.,
if it even has
a future.
So he blames the explosion
on me. That’s his plan
to save the Agency.
It’s fucked up,
I know.
Good.
But it’s not gonna
get you out of here.
No.
No, my family
will be at the hearing tomorrow,
and they will get me out.
Carrie, you have to–
What? What do I have to do?
Look where they put me.
I don’t have to
do anything!
You have to be careful.
There are things that happened
before the explosions
you’re not even aware of.
People targeted. I–
I’m worried you’re gonna
get yourself hurt.
He sent you here,
didn’t he?
- Who?
- Saul. He sent you
to threaten me.
No, he did not send me.
Just leave.
Carrie, will you
just listen?
Leave me alone!
What’s going on?
Are you okay?
Everything is fine.
He was just leaving.
Dana?
Dana, where are you?
- Mom, what happened?
- Your sister’s gone.
[ Cell Phone Chiming ]
Hey. Go through
the door.
Oh, f– Wait.
Come here.
You okay?
I don’t know.
Wait.
Watch out.
Come on.
Are you okay?
[ Crying ]
Okay.
I just really
needed to see you.
Maggie?
Coming.
What is it?
Pay stubs. Carrie
wants her pay stubs
for the hearing.
Why?
She says it’s evidence.
They reinstated her
after the damn explosion,
with a huge promotion.
Is that what you do
if it’s her fault?
It’s not the C.I.A.
on trial though.
I hope she gets that.
Here.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
I... really can’t
believe you’re here.
Can I come in?
Hello, Frank.
What are you doing here?
Yeah, why are you here?
Look. I, uh–
I understand you’re angry.
Hey, skip the phony sympathy.
What do you want?
I know both of you
hate me right now,
but I’m on her side.
Oh, bullshit.
I am.
Doesn’t change the fact...
that the way she’s carrying on,
she’s her own worst enemy.
You need to rein her in.
She can’t be running
to a reporter...
every time
she gets upset.
Is that what she did?
What, she didn’t
even mention it to you?
No.
What’d you expect her to do?
Not even fight back?
She’s not fighting back.
She’s making herself
a target.
Agency runs on secrecy.
- There are people who want her
indicted on criminal charges.
- So you’re threatening us?
I’m telling you the truth.
Best thing you can do for Carrie
is convince her to stay inside.
You mean the psych ward?
I mean someplace
she can level out.
You know she’s off
her meds, right?
Unless you think
that’s a good idea, you
really have to help me.
Good.
What?
You’re smiling.
So are you.
Wonder why that is.
They’re gonna find out soon
that I’m missing.
And your mother, she’s–
Don’t. Please.
I just want it to be us.
And appliances.
[ Laughs ]
I just want it to be
us and appliances.
Yeah.
’Cause we’re not defective.
You know?
We’re not.
It’s everything out there.
Then I’d rather stay here
with all the other crazies.
You’re not crazy.
So what if I am?
[ Shutter Clicks ]
[ Chuckles ]
You’re so beautiful.
[ Moans ]
[ Door Opens, Closes ]
[ Gasping ]
Hey.
[ Indistinct Whispering ]
He says he’s here
as a character witness
if you need him.
I already told him I don’t.
If you make a fuss
and have him removed,
I don’t think it’ll help
you with the magistrate.
It’s not bad to have
someone else on your side.
Okay, fine.
Just leave him then.
So what are my chances?
We’re asking that you
be released to your family.
So, as far as I’m concerned,
they’re excellent.
How do you feel?
I just want this to be over.
Oh, good. They’re here.
Maggie, Dad, hi.
This is Dr. Harlan. Hey.
Did you find everything?
Yeah.
I was wondering
where you were.
What’s this?
We want to talk
about your medication.
Obviously you already have.
Carrie, listen–
No, I’ve got a hearing
in about three minutes,
the whole point being
that I don’t need anyone
telling me what to do.
You said you would help.
We are helping.
Not when you pull
this shit!
We’re concerned, okay?
About you getting
yourself into trouble.
Don’t be!
I mean, from what
you’ve been saying.
I’ve been saying nothing.
I’ve spent the last 24 hours
checked in here.
No, before that.
Oh, you mean
the reporter.
Yes.
You want to tell me how
you even know about that?
- God. Fucking Saul!
- He’s worried about you.
Really?
You’re divulging
classified stuff.
He told you that
he was worried about me,
and you believed it...
when he’s the one
who put me in here!
God. He’s– He’s–
He’s trying to crack me,
when I am trying so hard
to do what’s right.
Fuck!
He pretended to be
my friend, and he’s not.
And you know what?
Really...
it’s no different than you.
Hey.
All rise.
The Sixth Circuit
of the Commonwealth of Virginia,
the honorable
Special Justice William Chesney.
[ Chesney ]
Matter of Carrie Mathison.
Is that you?
Your Honor–
[ Panting ]
I’m sorry.
Get off of me.
[ Grunting ]
No! This is a fucking sham!
Come on.
[ Saul ]
With all respect,
you’ve had a long history...
of questionable transactions
with Iran.
Item four, from the Office of
the Comptroller of the Currency.
Three years ago, in October,
they issued a cease-and-desist,
ordering your client
to stop dealings with
the Al-Askari Bank in Tehran.
My client
complied with that order.
You continued dealings
with their trading company.
[ Indistinct Whispering ]
The order applied
only to the bank.
That’s your position?
That’s the language
of the paper.
So you proceeded
to accept wire transfers from
an Iranian trading company...
to the tune of $900 million
over that time period?
Systematically altered
the transaction headers...
to conceal the true source
of the funds.
We’re not sure where you’re
getting your information from.
My client made every effort
to comply with federal
regulations.
We have an e-mail here
saying the opposite.
An instruction
to Al-Hazlawin Trading:
"Delete all Iranian
customer names...
to avoid any sign
of U.S. legal breach."
These legal breaches–
Those are violations
of the laws...
you just told me
you were complying with.
I wouldn’t know
what it refers to.
How could you not know?
You sent the e-mail.
Subject line is
"Do not reference Iran."
We have the phony
wire transfers,
thousands of them.
We want the real ones
with the real names.
- Where did you get this?
- That’s your question?
Your client is funding attacks
by terrorists on this country,
and all you want to know is,
how did we find out?
Saul, who did you say
this is again?
You know your bank?
It’s been trafficking
in human misery...
since the opium wars.
That’s not an aberration.
It’s not a mistake.
That’s your business plan.
You move money
for embargoed governments
or phony charities.
Where it goes,
you don’t want to know,
as long as you get your fee.
But we’re telling you
where it went this time.
Into an S.U.V. full of C-4
that blew up...
right outside this building
three months ago.
You passed the blast site
on your way in.
We know the funds
moved through your bank.
We need to know
where they originated.
- You do?
- Yes.
All respect, ma’am,
in this country, that’s not
the way we ask for help.
Did you think
for even a second
how worried I would be?
There was no need
to worry.
How do you figure that?
- He’s not good for you.
- And that is based on what?
Not knowing him at all?
He’s got problems,
obviously. He’s unstable.
Is that your professional
diagnosis, Mom?
Dana, he’s not what
you need right now.
Maybe he’s exactly
what I do need.
Dana, every doctor
at the center,
every pamphlet, every book
that I’ve read on getting well–
They all say the same thing.
You don’t want to start
a relationship.
What, with someone who
actually understands you?
Is that what they say?
Do you realize
how crazy that is?
You think they know something,
the people in here.
Well, they don’t. They just
yak and yak and yak...
until the people who are
paying for it feel better,
like everyone is getting well.
I really
don’t understand.
Yeah, that’s right.
Hey. Glad you’re all right.
I’m not all right.
Mom, it’s okay.
Is it?
Someone
runs away to  the nuthouse.
What does she want me to do?
Do you want my attention?
Is that it?
Because you’ve got it.
Completely. Believe me.
What are you doing?
I wasn’t looking
for attention.
Dana, what
are you doing?
Showing you something.
No! No!
It wasn’t a cry for help,
what I did.
I didn’t want
anyone’s attention.
I wanted to kill myself.
I wanted it all to be over,
and I wanted to die...
because I could not
stand it anymore!
But now I can.
Now I want to be alive.
And the reason for that
is Leo.
I was happy last night
for the first time...
since I don’t
even know when.
And I am not
gonna do this anymore.
I am not gonna let everybody
tell me what I should be
fucking thinking all the time,
like I can’t decide for myself,
like something is wrong
with me.
Because Leo is not crazy,
and I am not crazy.
And in case you’re wondering,
neither are you.
Dad was crazy.
He was a lot of things.
He was a psycho
who did nothing but lie...
from the minute
he set foot in this house,
and he ruined our lives.
It’s the truth.
But I am okay now.
I really am. I can tell.
Because you know what?
Right now, at this moment,
I want to be alive.
Any word from the bankers?
Nothing. I did
get calls from about
30 congressmen though.
Telling you to back off.
Reminding me
I’m supposed to be
catching terrorists,
not bringing down
the international
banking system.
Sit.
No, I’ll stand.
I went to Carrie’s
hearing today,
and I saw her
being hauled off
kicking and screaming.
I’d heard she lost it.
She didn’t lose it.
We did that to her.
We did it.
I would never bail on you
in the middle of something,
but I want you to know
what’s going on here...
is not okay with me.
[ Sighs ]
Peter,
it’s been a rough week.
I’m aware.
But we’re onto something.
And if it leads
to where I think,
it will all
have been worth it.
I don’t know, Saul.
Just have
a little faith.
The thing is, I don’t.
And when this is over,
I’m out.
We’ll see
when we get there.
I’m telling you now.
It was a mistake,
Peter, what happened
to that child.
Yeah, it was my mistake,
and I’ll deal with it.
But I don’t know
what the hell we’re doing.
I really don’t.
Good night, gentlemen.
Good night.
I saw you
at Langley today.
Sorry. I don’t remember.
It’s understandable.
You were pretty busy
lying your ass off.
What?
You lost a colleague
this week.
That’s right.
He was gunned down.
His son too.
It was a horrible mistake.
I hope it’s not repeated.
Tell me who you are.
Who are you?
It’s aggravating,
isn’t it,
when someone won’t
answer your questions?
Talk to my lawyer.
I’m talking to you.
And I’m telling you
you have a choice.
You can give us
the information
we’re asking for,
or you can keep up
your stupid charade.
But if you pick the latter,
I want you to know...
I try very hard
to be patient with
venal shitheads like you.
But I can only do it
so long.
You have a good
flight home.
They’re all here?
The records?
Seem to be.
So what’d they give us?
Everything. H.L.B.C. basically
ignored the cease-and-desist
order, just like we said.
They stopped dealing
with Al-Askari Bank,
but they continued
with the trading company.
In fact, the number
of transactions increased,
especially toward the date
of the explosion.
Know who all was involved?
We’re getting there.
On the receiving end,
we’ve already identified half
a dozen associates of Abu Nazir.
What about this source?
We’re still putting names
to the transactions,
but it’s all pointing
to Iran.
Not just the country.
Inside the government.
[ Door Opens ]
So, why did they suddenly
decide to cooperate?
I’m not sure
we want to know.
What is this?
Something I noticed
when I was reconciling
the accounts horizontally.
All the Iranian funds
had 20% stripped off
by our banker friends,
the standard fee
for prohibited transactions.
But a quarter of that
disappeared.
To where?
I don’t know yet.
Just seems to have vanished.
All I know is, it was not
retained by their bank.
Find it. Find out
where it went.
I’m trying.
Make it your
number-one priority.
That right there,
that’s our key.
Almost 45 million.
Fara?
Yes, sir?
Keep it between us
for the time being.
[ Gasping ]
I don’t know what
you think you’re proving.
All anyone’s asking
is that you take your meds.
You’re not
leaving us any choice.
Is that what you want?
[ Grunts ]
[ Gasps, Sighs ]
[ Man On TV, Indistinct ]
[ Woman On TV ]
Well, let me ask you,
in this particular hotel,
what would you recommend
as far as reservations?
How much in advance–
[ Continues, Indistinct ]
Right over there.
[ Muttering ]
Carrie.
Carrie,
I am so sorry.
[ Stammering ]
Fuck you, Saul.
[ Crickets Chirping ]
[ Splash ]
[ Keys Clack, Bell Dings ]